Skills are Cl code's most important
feature, but 99% of people are using
them incorrectly. Using Andre Kapathy's
system, I found a new way to build these
super skills that are self-improving,
have infinite memory on the kinds of
things that clients pay me thousands of
dollars for. And in this video, I'll
show you exactly how to build them for
any output, so you can stop wasting your
time, make more money, and unlock Claude
Code's full powers, even if you've never
done this before. And if you don't know
who I am, my name is Jack Roberts. I
built and sold my last tech startup with
tons of customers and now I build AI
startups and show you exactly the stuff
that works. So if you haven't already,
grab that beautiful coffee and let's
dive straight in. So let's talk about
how we use Claude Code and Carpathy
system to make skills that are worth
thousands and thousands of dollars and
will drive those cool things for your
business. So first thing to understand
about skills that most people get wrong
is that skills are like superpowers.
when so does super strength, flight, and
laser vision. These are the things that
we're going to use most of the time in
our business to accelerate everything
forward. But here's the difference is
that most people are just using basic MD
files and they're not configuring them
properly. And that essentially means
imagine having Superman that couldn't
fly, couldn't use laser vision or any of
these things. It wouldn't really be
worth doing. And the bad part is most
people don't realize this has happened.
And this brings on to the concept of
something called super skills. Now,
super skills themselves basically have
three things in common. And what that
effectively means is that every
conversation is indexed and recallable.
And Claude wakes up smarter every
session. So, say for example, you have a
YouTube intro skill and you give it
feedback, but then the next time you
open it back up, it just forgets
everything you said. That would be a
really bad skill. So, we wanted to have
this memory it can come back and use.
It's going to use actual tools that are
specific for the job. And crucially,
it's self-improving. It scores its own
output and it improves over time. So
every time you use a skill, it gets way
better. An example of that, for example,
would be something like this signal
dashboard here that improves time after
time after time. And we're going to
build something similar to this in this
video. I'll show you exactly how you set
this up. And I'm also going to show you
how you get your own memory operating
system that looks something like this
that connects everything from your
long-term memory, short-term memory, uh,
skills, and everything. So you get a
sense of what that actually physically
looks like. So when I'm talking about
super skills, what I'm effectively
meaning now, there are two types of
skills that we're going to use in Claude
code. One is going to be what I call the
utility skill. So that's going to be
something that's really easy and dead
straight. Now there are two types of
skills that we're going to be using
within Claude. Again, this can work in
any model. One is going to be what I
call the utility skill. So that's going
to be something that's really easy and
dead straightforward. It be something
like my bitly skill, right? My Bitly
skill, for example, just takes URL and
shorten it. I could say something like,
"Hey there. Um, just create a URL, a
shortened URL for glido.com." All right,
I give it a link and it just goes ahead
and shorten for me. Utility skills are
very wrong, very, very easy to get
correct. It's very difficult to get them
wrong. They're dead simple. There you
go. It's now used my bitly skill. I can
click this for example. I open it up and
then I see Glad the speech to text
service that I'm using to kick butt with
this. And then we have super skills that
are built on Karpathy's foundation, his
mental models for basically the four big
things holding you back with models. It
leverages data. It improves itself and
it's just significantly helpful for
driving your business forward. We call
these super skills. There's the stuff
that actually works and that's what I'm
going to show you exactly how to build
inside this video. So when you're
thinking of super skills, it's stuff
that listens, it remembers, and it
improves over time and it's actually set
up correctly cuz most people don't get
that correct. Okay? It could be stuff
like an insight a outlier analysis,
sponsorship, replying, anything that you
can think of. Now, here's the reason why
most skills don't work. And when we
understand that, we know exactly how to
improve skills that actually do. First
of all, they're just markdown files.
Most people I see, they just download
markdown files and they never use them
again or they don't work properly. And
they're generic. For example, a skill
that might help me with my YouTube is
going to be so completely different than
yours cuz it doesn't have that strategic
context. It's like a business adviser
trying to give you help and advice, but
doesn't know what the hell he's talking
about. lay out. This guy needs some
coffee. He's not thinking clearly. The
static, in other words, the second you
make it, it's exactly the same as it is
like a thousand times later. Businesses
evolve. Your needs change. It needs to
reflect those dynamic changes to it
properly. And again, it just forgets
everything every time you use a skill.
It's the exact same thing again and
again. And if you're wondering who Andre
Kopathy is, he's a guy that if you ever
want to feel bad about your CV, just
look at what this guy has done. All
right. So, he co-founded Open AI. Yeah.
Okay. We'll we'll take it. Ran Tesla AI.
done lots of really cool stuff and he
basically started the tweet that
authored part of the reason why I wanted
to make this video with this brand new
system. So he basically posted on a his
philosophy and mental models around the
big four limitations with models that
affect everything that we do whether
we're coding with it or in this case
using skills that can quietly hold you
back. This was then very kindly turned
into a skill that got over 88 8,000 uh
stars on GitHub and is part of the
foundation and one of the components of
what makes these super skills. So just
to explain the TLDDR what it is um it's
essentially instructing it's a very
simple markdown file but explains to
models that you need to think before you
code. Okay, keep it simple again don't
overengineer code surgical trenches only
touch what you must trace every line and
goal driven execution. The idea is these
are four guiding principles to
drastically improve the quality of
outputs because these are the four big
limitations essentially and this is
something you can use for skills
anything else. Now to get access to this
all you're going to do is shoot over to
this GitHub repo right here. You're
going to come over to code. You're going
to click on copy GitHub repo just being
fancy word of saying where we keep all
our files. Then you're going to open up
anti-gravity or claude code. Cool. So
I'm in the CL code section. I'm going to
say hey there go ahead and install this
repo for me. Okay. Then you're going to
come down and you're going to drop in
the GitHub repo. And all it's going to
do is literally install it into your
environment. Explaining what it is is
dead simple. Again, it's just four
principles. Think before coding. And
that tries to attack things like wrong
assumptions, hidden confusion, missing
trade-offs, simplicity first, don't over
complicate things, no bloated
abstractions, orthogonal edits, touching
code that you shouldn't. In other words,
if I want to change the color, I don't
need you to change anything else on the
page apart from my specific ask. And
again, leverage through test first
verifiable success data. Now, the beauty
of this is the fact that it is very
short. That's it. It doesn't need to be
overly complicated. That's why this is
so cool. Beautiful. So, I've just
created a brand new folder called memory
OS. So, I can show this looks like. Now,
if you click on the little thing at the
top here, uh, and you're going to come
down here to files, which is one of the
coolest things that Claude just added is
the ability to see your own files. I
click on files. I've got all my files
here. I'm going to come down and click
on memory OS. Going to come down, click
on claude.md. And once I've got that,
you can see now that you can actually
check what the claw.md is. Think before
coding. Simplicity first, surgical
changes, goal- driven execution. Then
whenever you give a prompt, it will then
follow these for you basically meaning
that it will apply in anything that
you're building. All right, so real talk
for a second. How many of you have got
several skills that kind of sort of do
the same thing? Or you like me and you
have a graveyard of like a thousand
skills that you never touch? They sound
good on paper. I mean, everything looks
good on paper. Fish and chips looks
great on paper, but it doesn't mean it
can run a business. When I built it this
way, I don't build skills any other way
than the way I'm going to show you with
this super skill methodology that's
actually built on these carpathy
principles. And there are four legs to
it. Just like chairs can't step up with
three legs or maybe they can, I don't
know. If you take one away, the whole
thing falls apart. So the first one is
that we want to create the skills
properly in tier one. The idea of this
is that if we don't write the skills
properly with the requirements, it's
never going to achieve what we actually
need to do. And so what this means is
that we're going to stop writing skills
by hand and use the actual proper way of
doing that. And so you're going to show
over to Claude and going to give it the
following prompt. Hey there, I would
like for you to create for me a skill.
Use your skill creator skill in Claude
and my stated intention and outcome of
this is now at that point you want to go
ahead and basically explain what it is
that you want. So for example, if we are
building here my uh signal dashboard
here, which basically is something that
I get on a daily basis that gets
information from all of these sources,
Anthropic, OpenAI, Y Combinator, Google.
It's like my agentic morning brief. Now,
everyone talks about, hey, you should
create a morning brief. Fair enough.
This is completely different than this.
This takes it to a completely new level.
It's interactive. It's self-refining.
And I perfect it over time. It's
something that actually drives actions
and decisions. So, if I want a signal
dashboard, I'd come over and I would say
this, right? I'd say, I would like a
signal dashboard. The idea of this is to
drive my content strategy. I want to
understand signal from the noise. I want
to know about things that happen before
anybody else does. I want you to assess
sentimentality and trending signals and
understand different news sources. What
I would like this to do is understand
the best places to get that information.
And then you go on and on and on. Then
you'd basically come down and explain
the tools that you want to use. She'd
say something like, "Have a think about
first of all clarifying your
understanding about everything that I
want from this skill. Then we're going
to have a conversation about all the
different tools and data sources that
we're going to use to create this skill.
And then once you've got that, you're
going to assign what it looks like. And
then you want to be specific about the
format." So you just say, "Hey, I want
this to be in a beautiful HTML format."
Then once you've done this, essentially
what happens here is this will then go
ahead and create a skill. Now, the cool
thing about using anthropic skill
generator is it tests its performance
against anthropic by itself, which is
really wonderful. And we know then that
it's actually going to be better than if
we just ask claw to do it itself. And
once you've given it that prompt, you'll
get these questions to say topical
scope. Um, what does early mean to you?
Output shape, cadence, signals that you
care about, sentiment, death, memory,
and action layer. So, I would encourage
you to go back and forth with Claude
about this specific thing so you can get
really detailed on the skill. Now bear
most people just download skills and
press play. This actor gets a completely
different level of depth and it's worth
architecting this initially because that
will mean that the full strength of the
skill is going to work for you. And
everybody's skill should be different if
it's a super skill like this. Now having
the blueprint is incredible but if we
don't give it the correct tools it's
like having you know a Ferrari and
trying to drive it on hopes and dreams.
Hopes and dreams are wonderful but they
won't drive our car anywhere. So, what
we need to do is give it the correct
tools. But this is the big problem that
a lot of people have with these tools is
you're essentially limited by your
imagination because there are different
levels of data. And I'm going to show
you how to get so much data you won't
know what on earth to do with it. But
your AI will and it will make his skill
super epic. So, the idea here is that
skills need eyes. Okay? And what we're
going to do now is basically connect
Claude with all these data sources. So,
if I come back over to Claude now, for
example, there are three levels that I
follow when I'm trying to get Claude the
correct information. The first thing
that I've done is defined what I would
call priority one resources. So for
instance, if I'm looking at data for
things that are breaking, one of the
questions I might be asking on my signal
dashboard here is what is the most
important information? And you can even
ask, you can say, "Hey there, if I'm
trying to get the correct insights and
data, what would you consider to be
examples of primary data sources, the
best places to get this information?"
And then Claude will literally give you
that as insights. Now, why is that
important? Because whatever skill that
you're building, sometimes some
manipulation or scraping of data is
going to be important. Maybe you only
need one connection. That is completely
fine. But I can tell you right now that
for a lot of the really interesting
ones, you're going to want to grab and
access data from somewhere on the
internet. And just like that, it's come
back and look at the degree of
information. We've got tier 0, tier one,
tier 2, tier three. Now, here's the
sequence that I always think about
connectors. The first thing you do is
come down to the plus sign. Okay? Click
on connectors. Then click on manage
connectors. Here we can add in
everything that we want to. Your first
question should always be have they do
they got a connector to that as the
queens of English would wonderfully say.
You're going to click on browse
connectors. And here you can just type
in stuff like Gmail. Awesome. Maybe
you're doing a skill that leverages your
you know you want to look at your
pipeline your pipeline um you know
deals. Well we can just use Gmail for
that. Awesome. Maybe we got Figma. We
want to leverage Figma. We first of all
look to see if it exists within there.
You even got Spotify. you know you can
create you can now listen to your
terrible music via code now some say
it's terrible some say Jack you got the
best music taste on the planet now the
one that we're going to use here is
firecrawl this one is better now the
reason why I really love firecraw for
this is mainly because it saves on token
cost when you're doing that and websites
are optimized for humans they're not
optimized for AI so I personally use
fire crawl you don't have to use it but
I use it because I find it easier to do
that to do this one you just come on add
custom connector and basically you type
in fc crawl here all right and then your
remote mc TP server URL. You enter in
this here and in brackets you just get
your basically you get your API key from
firecrolot there. And then all you're
going to do guys is just literally copy
this and you see it says fire crawl MCP
API key. You just replace that with
whatever you have on your dashboard here
and effectively that will work for you.
And so once you've got that you add that
as a custom connector and then literally
you click down here it's all fully
authenticated and you can use it. For
example, I might say something like,
"Hey there, I want you to use my
firecrawl connector to go onto product
hunt and get me some interesting
insights on three speechtoext AIs." And
then just I want you to pull up for me a
nice little beautiful HTML overview,
make it super quick. All right. And then
Claude will literally go ahead and do
that for us cuz it can go deeper and
deeper on the website. So the question
then becomes, well, if I can't find a
connector here, how do I get it? Well,
one way around this is using a tool like
Zapia. I used Zapia when I built my
first business. was super duper cool.
And what we're going to do is think of
it as a um kind of like a universal um
remote control in the sense that if you
can't c if you cannot find it on Claude,
you can use a tool like Zapia. You don't
have to use it, but it's cool if you
want to find those additional ones that
you don't have access to. So, what
you're going to do is come down and
click on other real quick. And then
you're going to see something that looks
a little bit like this. And you got all
the tools that you want. What you're
going to do is pick the tool that you
like. Say for example, us want to be
able to connect to school. We just type
in school and we click there, which is
cool. So basically Zaka is the bridge
that connects us to everything else. So
here I can invite members, I can lock
courses just as a for instance connect
this one together. Then once that's
done, you're going to come down here and
click on connect like so. And then
you're going to have your own custom URL
and you click on generate to basically
build that one out. And then you're
going to copy that. Come back over to
Claude. Now to add that MCP connector,
you're going to click on the plus at the
top. Click on add custom connector at
the top. Type in Zapia and then
literally paste that MCP server URL.
Then what this means is that we've given
Claude the tools to access data from any
resources that we need to even if
they're not directly integrated within
Claude. Now the big issue with Claude is
that sometimes it has amnesia and it can
reliably forget things and not only that
it isn't just about what can it remember
it's the ability to store those
memories, show you those visually in a
gorgeous and interactive dashboard and
then be able to use those memories to
actually improve the output. And this is
a system that I see extremely few people
using and yet it is unbelievably
powerful. Now the chances are that
you've seen different ideas of these
memory systems, right? Or what I call
here the memory operating system which
is actually skill that you can download.
So if you head over to the school
community, I'll put a link for this down
below for you so you can grab this uh
completely for free. All you're going to
do is come down here and you're going to
click on what I call the memory system
OS. You're going to open this bad boy up
and you're going to see something that
looks like this. Come over here, click
on this, click on download, and then you
can literally head over to Claude and
then within Claude, you can add this as
a skill. You can even say to Claude,
"Hey, go to the last thing I downloaded
and add this for me as a skill." Now,
why do this? And let me just show you
one interesting thing as well that I
think is really important to understand
here. So, you may have seen obsidian rag
and you've seen pine cone wrap. So, let
me explain to you the three different
levels of memory we've got here and
exactly how we're going to use this
within our system. Okay. So, for
example, there's three things to
understand. Number one is we have what I
call bucket one which is the memory.
Okay, this is every single conversation
you've had with Claude. Okay, append
only wrap-up skill session. So the idea
here is that let's say that you have a
big long conversation with Claude about
the strategy for your business or it
could be uh what you're planning to do
this year. What we can do within Claude
now is if I come back over here, I have
this really cool skill called the
wrap-up skill which I do for/ wrap-up
and you can see here what this will do
is it will capture the whole
conversation and store it in long-term
memory which means that when I'm having
conversations I have this infinite
archive of anything that I've saved and
it's selective too. So it will be based
on the conversations I think are
important. That is bucket one which is
wrapping up and storing conversations
from within Cycllo to our long-term
memory. Okay. The second one here is we
got lot is knowledge. This is
foundational stuff. So for example, if I
show you an the dashboard that I built
for my community in awe withjack.com. If
I come over here to YouTube chat, this
has every video I've ever done. Has
every single school post, everything
from my community. That is my long-term
memory. Maybe you want to chat to
Homozybot, right? You want to find out
stuff about his books. Well, every book
he's written, all this sort of stuff
underpins and underlines all this
information. I call this thing here your
long-term memory. This is immutable
stuff that never changes. So, this could
be strategists that you respect, um,
YouTube videos, content creators,
whatever it is, there are long-term
memories. So, if I'm talking about
hooks, for example, and I want to know
what the best hooks are, I have
knowledge and databases from those guys.
And then, interestingly, we have the
third bucket here, which is profile. So,
this is stuff that you're working on
right now. Current strategy, focus,
decisions. Now, the interesting thing is
that buckets one and two sit in
long-term memory, okay, pine cam, but
bucket three doesn't because this
actually changes over time. This is what
we're working on right now. It's our
current strategy, our focus, our
decisions. It's one markdown file. It is
mutable and Claude can read it every
session. So, what this means is when you
do this, you'll actually be able to open
up this dashboard using the skill. And I
thought this would be really cool cuz
the big problem that we have now with
memory is that you can't actually see
what Claude's view is on your strategic
awareness. So what I've done here is got
this basically for/strategy awareness
that you get with the skill. There's
actually three commands. One is wrap-up
which basically wraps everything up. The
second one is recall again which lets
you call any of the knowledge from your
databases. And finally strategy
awareness. Now obviously if you're using
natural language it will do these anyway
but you've got the command set if you
want to. And effectively what this does
is gives us a visual overview of our
memory and our current strategy. So it's
a it's the visual overview of what
you're currently working on, right? How
many sessions you've had, your memories,
it shows you customer insights, it could
be subscriber growth, activity heat map,
how much you're adding to it.
Effectively, this will build out based
on everything you're talking about. So
you can add and remove different pieces
of insights and knowledge from this
database. So I can look at, hey, here's
all the things that it's working on and
adapt it accordingly, which is
excellent. And just one of the reasons
why I prefer pine cone over obsidian is
I know it's not the popular opinion.
Obsidian does work. By the way, of
course, both these things work. I'm not
here to tell you which one you should or
shouldn't use. Personally speaking, I do
opt for Pine Cone in this system because
it is easier and it actually works very
well with it. And just to give you a bit
of an overview so you can make your own
informed decision on it. Um, setup is
like a couple of commands. It's a vector
search. Now, when you're using Obsidian,
it's really good if it's like less
files. But the problem is the longer the
file is, the more tokens that you burn
every single time you use it because you
have an index file. Without going into
details, I've done a full video link on
screen to show you how cool it is. But
basically, your token burns as you go.
With Pine Cone, it's extremely extremely
scalable. So, for this memory system, I
find it really easy to use it. But if
you want to use Obsidian, that's
completely your preference. You can
absolutely do that with this system,
too. Then what this effectively means is
that when I pull together my signal
dashboard or whatever your skill is,
we're now consulting long-term memory.
So maybe you've got experts on, I don't
know, how cool blue phone cases are,
well, we're going to call that knowledge
and we also have knowledge of your
current strategy, which we can now view
and amend in our memory operating
system, which effectively means any
skill you've got. Again, it could be the
creation of content, whatever the thing
is, we're leveraging your knowledge base
across three different levels in this
entire system. So we again, we're
creating the skill properly. We've got
the data and connectors and then we've
got persistence either in Obsidian or
Pine Code based on your actual
preferences. And this is really cool for
me especially with skills that you're
producing things like this because I've
often found that if it lacks your
current awareness of what you're
actually working on, it just it just
forgets really basic things. But
actually giving it this long-term
memory, the strategic short-term memory
really sharpens up its actual execution.
Now, I just got back from LA and it made
me think like imagine jumping on a plane
with somebody that's only flown once or
done it in a simulator. You and I would
probably grab our coffees and freaking
sprint back to the airport. And it's
kind of the same way with skills that
are really important. The biggest
mistake I see is people use a skill and
then they never give it feedback. And
the skill itself never improves over
time and all the value sits when you get
these improvement cycles. And that's why
this fourth pillar here is what I call
the refinement loop. The idea is that
the skill runs itself. You grade it, you
give it feedback, the model actually
looks at it and improves it within its
own code. So effectively what this
school system will do is let's say that
you do produce something that looks like
this, not the memory OS, but maybe you
produce this signal dashboard and you're
like, dude, I really like it, but I
think that you know this short list
isn't very good or you're giving me too
many ideas like XYZ. Go ahead and
improve that skill. So not only do we
have context, it's been written
properly. It doesn't only have data, it
has all the memory systems, but you can
improve it over time. And that is where
all of the value actually sits. And so
essentially what happens is you can
literally see as you give it the
feedback it will literally update the
core information in the file in the
skill. So every time you run in the
future it just gets better and better
for you. This sits across four tiers and
obviously if you want to go deeper I've
actually pulled together a full claude
code course. It goes through foundation
setup builder website um power features
memory systems claude bots apps build
anything design systems compliance
maintenance and turning that into cash.
I'm releasing it this month inside the
community. So, you can click the link
down below and check that one out if you
want to. Wanted to mention it because
it's one of the biggest questions I get
and this is going to be so powerful. I
can't it's just it's going to be
incredible. So, you can check that one
out if you'd like to. And again, we're
leveraging carpathy as a foundation. By
using these principles in the skill
itself. So, it isn't just in the coding.
When we're actually building and
executing the skill, we have these
things woven into the fabric of how it's
operating. And now we know how to build
these skills. Watch this video right
here to learn five epic skills.